in tonight's top four occasions Derek's
Cuba joins us live in Northland Eric
that's where police got their break so
that's where they got their break we're
at outside of gallery 19 right now you
can see on this mural some of his style
cartoonish faces some drippy pain and
some blockage features to all of these
figures police say they looked inside
this gallery and they saw the same
graffiti that they've been seeing all
over town on display and this is an
example of some of the graffiti that we
saw bold bright and everywhere Portland
police officer Matt Miller shows a few
of the plywood signs that were nailed
into more than 30 utility poles that
there had been maybe one or two of these
on the on the power poles it probably
wouldn't have been a big deal officer
Miller says he saw similar art in
gallery 19 in Northwest Portland 31 year
old gallery owner Ryan widell Birkeland
Sarge with 31 counts of criminal
mischief the difference between art and
graffiti is permission and he didn't
have any permission for any of this
police say part of the problem is that
the signs were attached with large nails
and PG has to send crews out to every
one of those poles more than the signs
though police believe Birkeland tagged
this Washington Park water tank causing
twelve thousand dollars in damage the
plywood signs as well as the graffiti we
see here in the tank have the same
distinctive features here's where
gallery 19's placed on a map and here's
the reservoir at Washington Park police
found much of the other vandalism within
the same neighborhood he doesn't fit
that mold I mean I I can't picture that
Brooklyn's neighbors say he and his wife
work hard they've been remodeling their
home neighbors are shocked that he's
been arrested especially for this it
looks like something kids would do I
taught school so I
so what's the difference between paper
ads tacked up on utility poles and what
this guy is accused of doing police say
its potential damage the polls by the
nails he is accused of using as well as
the inconvenience of taking all of this
down reporting live in Northwest
Portland derek's Cuba k 2 news sure
thank you driver